CURRENT_STATUS.md, before:

# Current Deployment Status

## ✅ What's Working

1. **IAM Role**: `GitHubActionsBOMCloudFormationRole` created and configured
2. **Network Stack**: Successfully deployed with VPC, subnets, NAT gateway
3. **BOM Parser**: `simple-bom-parser.py` working correctly
4. **GitHub Workflow**: **"Deploy BOM Infrastructure (Direct)"** - CLEAN PRODUCTION WORKFLOW

## 🔧 Latest Issue Fixed: Export/Import Naming Mismatch

**Issue**: Compute stack failing with "No export named network-stack-development-VpcId found"

**Root Cause**: 
- Network stack was exporting: `network-stack-development-development-VpcId` 
- Compute stack was importing: `network-stack-development-VpcId`
- Naming mismatch caused deployment failure

**Solution Applied**:
- ✅ Fixed network stack exports to use: `development-VpcId`, `development-PublicSubnet1aId`, etc.
- ✅ Fixed compute stack imports to match: `development-VpcId`, `development-PublicSubnet1aId`, etc.
- ✅ Removed duplicate exports in network stack
- ✅ Added `cleanup-failed-stack.ps1` for handling failed stacks

## 🚀 Next Steps

1. **Clean up failed stack**: Run `.\cleanup-failed-stack.ps1` (if needed)
2. **Redeploy network stack**: To update exports (GitHub Actions workflow)
3. **Deploy compute stack**: Should now work with corrected imports
4. **Deploy storage stack**: Should work without issues

## 🔄 Ready to Deploy

Based on current BOM configuration (`bom/customer-bom.csv`):

### Will Deploy:
- ✅ **EC2 Instance**: web-server-1 (t3.medium, 40GB) 
- ✅ **S3 Bucket**: app-storage-bucket

### Will NOT Deploy:
- ❌ **EC2 Instance**: web-server-2 (disabled in BOM)
- ❌ **RDS Database**: app-database (disabled in BOM)

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting Scripts

```powershell
# Fix OIDC authentication issues
.\scripts\fix-oidc-trust-policy.ps1

# Clean up failed CloudFormation stacks
.\cleanup-failed-stack.ps1

# Setup IAM role (if needed)
.\scripts\setup-iam-role.ps1 -Repository "manjutrytest/aws-bom-infrastructure"
```

## 📁 Final Repository Structure

- `bom/customer-bom.csv` - Infrastructure definition (source of truth)
- `.github/workflows/deploy-bom-direct.yml` - **SINGLE CLEAN WORKFLOW**
- `scripts/simple-bom-parser.py` - BOM to CloudFormation converter
- `cleanup-failed-stack.ps1` - **NEW: Failed stack cleanup utility**
- `parameters/*.json` - Generated CloudFormation parameters

## 🎯 Expected Deployment Result

After running the **FIXED workflow**:
- Network stack: Will update exports (already deployed)
- Compute stack: Will deploy web-server-1 EC2 instance ✅
- Storage stack: Will deploy S3 bucket ✅
- Total resources: VPC + 1 EC2 + 1 S3 bucket

**Export/import naming issues are now resolved! Ready for successful deployment.**

Commit message:

Update status - workflow now handles ROLLBACK_COMPLETE automatically

CURRENT_STATUS.md, after:

# Current Deployment Status

## ✅ What's Working

1. **IAM Role**: `GitHubActionsBOMCloudFormationRole` created and configured
2. **Network Stack**: Successfully deployed with VPC, subnets, NAT gateway
3. **BOM Parser**: `simple-bom-parser.py` working correctly
4. **GitHub Workflow**: **"Deploy BOM Infrastructure (Direct)"** - CLEAN PRODUCTION WORKFLOW

## 🔧 Latest Issue Fixed: ROLLBACK_COMPLETE Stack State

**Issue**: `Stack is in ROLLBACK_COMPLETE state and can not be updated`

**Root Cause**: 
- Previous deployment failed and left compute stack in ROLLBACK_COMPLETE state
- CloudFormation cannot update stacks in failed states - they must be deleted first

**Solution Applied**:
- ✅ Added automatic failed stack detection to workflow
- ✅ Workflow now automatically deletes stacks in failed states before redeployment
- ✅ Handles ROLLBACK_COMPLETE, CREATE_FAILED, ROLLBACK_FAILED states
- ✅ No manual intervention required for stack cleanup

**Previous Issue Also Fixed**: Export/Import Naming Mismatch
- ✅ Fixed network stack exports to use: `development-VpcId`, `development-PublicSubnet1aId`, etc.
- ✅ Fixed compute stack imports to match: `development-VpcId`, `development-PublicSubnet1aId`, etc.

## 🚀 Next Steps - READY FOR DEPLOYMENT

**The workflow now handles all known issues automatically!**

1. **Run GitHub Actions workflow**: "Deploy BOM Infrastructure (Direct)"
2. **Workflow will automatically**:
   - ✅ Delete the failed compute stack in ROLLBACK_COMPLETE state
   - ✅ Update network stack exports (if needed)
   - ✅ Deploy compute stack with corrected imports
   - ✅ Deploy storage stack
3. **Monitor progress**: Check workflow logs and CloudFormation console

## 🔄 Ready to Deploy

Based on current BOM configuration (`bom/customer-bom.csv`):

### Will Deploy:
- ✅ **EC2 Instance**: web-server-1 (t3.medium, 40GB) 
- ✅ **S3 Bucket**: app-storage-bucket

### Will NOT Deploy:
- ❌ **EC2 Instance**: web-server-2 (disabled in BOM)
- ❌ **RDS Database**: app-database (disabled in BOM)

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting Scripts

```powershell
# Fix OIDC authentication issues
.\scripts\fix-oidc-trust-policy.ps1

# Clean up failed CloudFormation stacks
.\cleanup-failed-stack.ps1

# Setup IAM role (if needed)
.\scripts\setup-iam-role.ps1 -Repository "manjutrytest/aws-bom-infrastructure"
```

## 📁 Final Repository Structure

- `bom/customer-bom.csv` - Infrastructure definition (source of truth)
- `.github/workflows/deploy-bom-direct.yml` - **SINGLE CLEAN WORKFLOW**
- `scripts/simple-bom-parser.py` - BOM to CloudFormation converter
- `cleanup-failed-stack.ps1` - **NEW: Failed stack cleanup utility**
- `parameters/*.json` - Generated CloudFormation parameters

## 🎯 Expected Deployment Result

After running the **FIXED workflow**:
- Network stack: Will update exports (already deployed)
- Compute stack: Will deploy web-server-1 EC2 instance ✅
- Storage stack: Will deploy S3 bucket ✅
- Total resources: VPC + 1 EC2 + 1 S3 bucket

**Export/import naming issues are now resolved! Ready for successful deployment.**
